# US020 - Register a SNS User

US020 - As receptionist, I want to register a SNS user. [Priority: High]
- AC020-01: The attributes that should be used to describe a SNS user are: Name, Birth Date, Sex, Postal Address, Phone Number, E-mail Address, Citizen Card Number and SNS User Number. The Sex attribute is optional. All other fields are required.
- AC020-02: The Phone Number and the Citizen Card Number must have a “portuguese format”.
- AC020-03: The Phone Number, E-mail Address, Citizen Card Number and SNS User Number should be unique for each SNS user.

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.0. Primary Actor
Receptionist

### 1.1. User Story Description
As a receptionist, I want to register a SNS user.

### 1.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications

**From the specifications document:**

> .

**From the client clarifications:**

> TODO

### 1.3. Acceptance Criteria

* **AC01:** The attributes that should be used to describe a SNS user are: Name, Birth Date, Sex, Postal Address, Phone Number, E-mail Address, Citizen Card Number, and SNS User Number. The Sex attribute is optional. All other fields are required.
* **AC02:** The Phone Number and the Citizen Card Number must have a “Portuguese format”.
* **AC03:** The Phone Number, E-mail Address, Citizen Card Number, and SNS User Number should be unique for each SNS user.

### 1.4. Found Dependencies

* TODO

### 1.5 Input and Output Data

**Input Data:**

* Typed data:
  * SNS user name,
  * Birth date,
  * Sex (optional),
  * Postal address,
  * Phone number,
  * E-mail address,
  * Citizen card number,
  * SNS user number.

**Output Data:**

* Result of the operation: Success or failure of the SNS user registration.

### 1.6. System Sequence Diagram (SSD)
[US020.puml](US020.puml)

**Other alternatives might exist.**

### 1.7 Other Relevant Remarks
